Fix PowerDNS regex domain filter (#3828)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/pdns.md

The filter can also match parent zones. For example `--domain-filter=a.example.com` will allow for zone `example.com`. If you want to match parent zones, you cannot pre-pend your filter with a ".", eg. `--domain-filter=.example.com` will not attempt to match parent zones.

### Regex Domain Filter (`--regex-domain-filter`)

> `--regex-domain-filter` matches domain using regex. It overides domain filters and can be specified only once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--regex-domain-filter` Limit possible domains and target zone with a regex. It overrides domain filters and can be specified only once.
```
